.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

# Pull Request Template

## Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

### Type of change

* [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
* [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
* [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
* [ ] This change requires a documentation update

### How Has This Been Tested?

Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration.

### Checklist:

* [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
* [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
* [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in _hard to understand_ areas
* [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
* [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
* [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
* [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes

Commit message:

Applying VeeamHub Standards
Bringing repository up to standards as set here:

https://github.com/VeeamHub/veeamhub-template

- Updated CONTRIBUTING.md
- Added DCO.md
- Update GitHub issue templates:
  - Pull Request
  - Bug Report
  - Feature Request

Signed-off-by: Chris Arceneaux <carcenea@gmail.com>

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

# Pull Request Template

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the projects original open source license.

## Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

Fixes # (issue)

### Type of change

* [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
* [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
* [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
* [ ] This change requires a documentation update

### How Has This Been Tested?

Please describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions so we can reproduce. Please also list any relevant details for your test configuration.

### Checklist (check all applicable):

* [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
* [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
* [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in _hard to understand_ areas
* [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
* [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
* [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
* [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
