README.md, before:

# Veeam Plugin for VMware vCloud Director

The Veeam plugin for vCloud Director allows the [Veeam vCD Self-Service Backup Portal](https://helpcenter.veeam.com/docs/backup/em/em_managing_vms_in_vcd_org.html?ver=95u4) to be accessible natively within the vCD Web UI. It leverages the [vCD Extension SDK](https://github.com/vmware/vcd-ext-sdk) to make this possible.

[![Badge Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-latest-green)](https://github.com/VeeamHub/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/releases/latest)

## 📗 Documentation

Here are some resources to help you deploy & configure the plugin:

* [Getting Started Guide](https://veeamhub.github.io/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/)

[![Veeam Plugin for vCD Demonstration](https://img.youtube.com/vi/8oFbJMhHaak/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oFbJMhHaak)

## ✍ Contributions

We welcome contributions from the community! We encourage you to create [issues](https://github.com/VeeamHub/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/issues/new/choose) for Bugs & Feature Requests and submit Pull Requests for improving our documentation. For more detailed information, refer to our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## 🤝🏾 License

* [MIT License](LICENSE)

## 🤔 Questions

If you have any questions or something is unclear, please don't hesitate to [create an issue](https://github.com/VeeamHub/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/issues/new/choose) and let us know!

Commit message:

Adding deprecation warning
- Added `deprecated` to the title
- Added verbiage pointing users to uinstall instructions and v11 VCD Plugin

Signed-off-by: Chris Arceneaux <carcenea@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Veeam Plugin for VMware vCloud Director (deprecated)

> Veeam Backup & Replication 11 introduced an official [VCD plugin](https://helpcenter.veeam.com/docs/backup/em/vcd_plugin_upload_configure.html?ver=110) which replaces this plugin. Only use this plugin if you're running a version prior to v11.
>
> If you are looking to upgrade to the new plugin, [uninstall this plugin](https://veeamhub.github.io/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/plugin-uninstall-instructions.html) and then follow [Veeam instructions](https://helpcenter.veeam.com/docs/backup/em/vcd_plugin_upload_configure.html?ver=110) for installing the new plugin.

The Veeam plugin for vCloud Director allows the [Veeam VCD Self-Service Backup Portal](https://helpcenter.veeam.com/docs/backup/em/em_managing_vms_in_vcd_org.html?ver=95u4) to be accessible natively within the VCD Web UI. It leverages the [VCD Extension SDK](https://github.com/vmware/vcd-ext-sdk) to make this possible.

[![Badge Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Download-latest-green)](https://github.com/VeeamHub/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/releases/latest)

## 📗 Documentation

Here are some resources to help you deploy & configure the plugin:

* [Getting Started Guide](https://veeamhub.github.io/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/)

[![Veeam Plugin for VCD Demonstration](https://img.youtube.com/vi/8oFbJMhHaak/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oFbJMhHaak)

## ✍ Contributions

We welcome contributions from the community! We encourage you to create [issues](https://github.com/VeeamHub/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/issues/new/choose) for Bugs & Feature Requests and submit Pull Requests for improving our documentation. For more detailed information, refer to our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## 🤝🏾 License

* [MIT License](LICENSE)

## 🤔 Questions

If you have any questions or something is unclear, please don't hesitate to [create an issue](https://github.com/VeeamHub/veeam-plugin-for-vcd/issues/new/choose) and let us know!
